# CS250-SDLC

### How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
I think that the concept of dividing work into user stories rather than specific tasks or deliverables is a great way to continually prioritize the user's perspective. Building software should address a real need for a real person, so divorcing the work to be done from that need doesn't really make sense. A big part of Agile development is continuous user feedback, and user stories are a great way to devlop in a user-centric way from the very beginning. As a developer, I also appreciate the flexibility that a user story gives me when implementing a solution. User stories are much more about why to do something than how to do it, and that allows me to be creative and adaptable with how I tackle a problem (without being constrained by lots of pre-planned implementation details that might be set in a more traditional project setting).

### How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
This course has taught me a lot about the Agile approach to the Software Developement Lifecycle. I'm excited to continue to apply Agile principles to my developement because they already fit very naturally into my personal approach and preferences. For one thing, I like to work collaboratively. I think that each member of a project team has something unique and interesting to contribute, and we all have a significant amount that we could learn about our own work from one another. For that reason, I think that the cross-functional aspects of Agile really appeal to me. I often find that the significant problems I have as a developer end up being much more about the way I'm thinking than specifically what I'm thinking about. I also find sprint-style work to be easier for me than large linear projects because of the psychological motivation and momentum that accomplishing a larger number of tasks more frequently gives me. This is something that I will take with me to all of my future projects, regardless of whether I'm on an Agile team or not.

### What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
I think that communication is one of the most essential determinants of effective teamwork in software development. Software Engineers often have the reputation for being solitary creatures (and more importantly, workers), and a lot of teams suffer because of this. I could be a little biased as a more junior developer, but I think good communication is one of the best ways to boost the overall competence of the team. Software development is a job that requires constant learning, so no two members of a develpment team will ever have the exact same knowledge. Fluid and frequent communication is how that knowledge gets shared and balanced out among the team. I also think that developers as a group can't afford to be isolated from the rest of the team. Being a good team member also means understanding other people's roles and effectively communicating your ideas and work to people who may have very different backgrounds.      
